1. What does a program consist of?
a) A list of data
b) A list of instructions to perform a task
c) Random memory sequences
d) None of the above

2. What is the function of the Instruction Register (IR)?
a) It holds the instruction that is currently being executed
b) It generates timing signals
c) It contains memory address of next instruction
d) It holds the address of the location to be accessed

3. What is the function of the Program Counter (PC)?
a) It holds the instruction that is currently being executed
b) It generates timing signals
c) It contains memory address of next instruction
d) It holds the address of the location to be accessed

4. What happens when an operand has been read from memory into Memory Data Register (MDR)?
a) It is transferred to the processor
b) It is transferred to the ALU
c) It is transferred to the MAR
d) None of the above

5. Which of the following steps are necessary for the execution of an instruction?
a) Fetching the instruction from memory
b) Decoding the instruction
c) Executing the instruction
d) All of the above

6. What is an interrupt in the context of processor operations?
a) A request from an I/O device for service by the processor
b) A malfunction in the processor
c) A pause in the execution of a program
d) A temporary stop of a program

7. Which register contains the data to be written into or read out of the addressed location?
a) Instruction Register (IR)
b) Memory Address Register (MAR)
c) Memory Data Register (MDR)
d) Program Counter (PC)

8. What happens when an instruction involves an operation to be performed by the ALU?
a) The required operands are obtained
b) The instruction is decoded
c) The instruction is executed
d) All of the above

9. What are the steps involved in moving data between memory and the processor?
a) Transferring contents of PC to MAR
b) Reading instruction out of memory and loading into MDR
c) Transferring contents of MDR to IR
d) All of the above

10. What is the function of the control circuits?
a) To hold the instruction that is currently being executed
b) To generate timing signals
c) To keep track of the execution of a program
d) To hold the address of the location to be accessed
