1. What does a program consist of?
   a. A list of instructions to perform a task
   b. A list of commands to execute a task
   c. A sequence of algorithms for a task
   d. A series of system functions for a task
2. Which register holds the instruction currently being executed?
   a. Instruction Register (IR)
   b. Memory Address Register (MAR)
   c. Memory Data Register (MDR)
   d. General-Purpose Register (R0 –Rn-1)
3. What does the Program Counter (PC) do?
   a. It keeps track of the execution of a program
   b. It holds the address of the location to be accessed
   c. It contains the data to be written into or read out of the addressed location
   d. It generates timing signals that control the processing elements
4. Which two registers facilitate communication with the memory?
   a. Memory Address Register (MAR) and Memory Data Register (MDR)
   b. Instruction Register (IR) and Program Counter (PC)
   c. General-Purpose Register (R0 –Rn-1) and Instruction Register (IR)
   d. Program Counter (PC) and General-Purpose Register (R0 –Rn-1)
5. What does an Add instruction combine?
   a. A memory access operation with an ALU operation
   b. A memory access operation with a control operation
   c. An ALU operation with a control operation
   d. A memory access operation with a PC operation
6. What is the purpose of an interrupt in computer processing?
   a. It is a request from an I/O device for service by the processor
   b. It is a command to stop the execution of a program
   c. It is a signal to initiate a new program
   d. It is a directive to refresh the memory cache
7. What happens during the execution of an instruction?
   a. Contents of PC are updated
   b. Contents of MAR are updated
   c. Contents of MDR are updated
   d. Contents of IR are updated
8. What is the first step in moving data between memory and processor?
   a. The PC is set to point to the first instruction
   b. The operand is read from memory into MDR
   c. The ALU performs the desired operation
   d. The result is sent to MDR
9. What does the Control circuit do?
   a. It generates timing signals that control the processing elements
   b. It holds the address of the location to be accessed
   c. It contains the data to be written into or read out of the addressed location
   d. It keeps track of the execution of a program
10. How does a computer interact with input and output devices?
   a. Through machine instructions with the ability to handle I/O transfers
   b. Through the ALU performing the desired operation
   c. Through the MDR containing the data to be written into or read out of the addressed location
   d. Through the MAR holding the address of the location to be accessed